Feature/databricks (#78)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk: README.md

<p align="center">
    <a alt="License"
        href="https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk/blob/main/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" /></a>

>     <a alt="Fivetran-Release"
>         href="https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/core-concepts#releasephases">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We can remove this badge.

| [zendesk__sla_policies](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_zendesk/#!/model/model.zendesk.zendesk__sla_policies)           | Each record represents an SLA policy event and additional sla breach and achievement metrics. Calendar and business hour SLA breaches are supported.    

# 🎯 How do I use the dbt package?

## Step 1: Prerequisites
To use this dbt package, you must have the following:

- At least one Fivetran zendesk connector syncing data into your destination.
- A **BigQuery**, **Snowflake**, **Redshift**, **PostgreSQL**, or **Databricks** destination.

### Databricks Dispatch Configuration
If you are using a Databricks destination with this package you will need to add the below (or a variation of the below) dispatch configuration within your `dbt_project.yml`. This is required in order for the package to accurately search for macros within the `dbt-labs/spark_utils` then the `dbt-labs/dbt_utils` packages respectively.
```yml
dispatch:
  - macro_namespace: dbt_utils
    search_order: ['spark_utils', 'dbt_utils']
```

## Step 2: Install the package

> Include the following zendesk_source package version in your `packages.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the following zendesk package version in your `packages.yml` file:
```

> TIP: Check [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) for the latest installation instructions or [read the dbt docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/package-management) for more information on installing packages.
```yaml
packages:
  - package: fivetran/zendesk
    version: [">=0.9.0", "<0.10.0"]

```
> **Note**: Do not include the Zendesk source package. The Zendesk transform package already has a dependency on the source in its own `packages.yml` file.

## Step 3: Define database and schema variables

> By default, this package runs using your destination and the `zendesk` schema. If this is not where your zendesk data is (for example, if your zendesk schema is named `zendesk_fivetran`), add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file:

Reviewer: I think we can make this a bit clearer.
```suggestion
By default, this package runs using your destination and the `zendesk` schema. If this is not where your zendesk data is (for example, if your zendesk schema is named `zendesk_fivetran`), update the following variables in your root `dbt_project.yml` file accordingly:
```

This package will create a row in `zendesk__ticket_field_history` for each day that a ticket is open, starting at its creation date. A Zendesk ticket cannot be altered after being closed, so its field values will not change after this date. However, you may want to extend a ticket's history past its closure date for easier reporting and visualizing. To do so, add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file:

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

...
config-version: 2

vars:
  zendesk:
    ticket_field_history_extension_months: integer_number_of_months # default = 0 
```

Conversely, you may want to only track the past X years of ticket field history. This could be for cost reasons, or because you have a BigQuery destination and have over 4,000 days (10-11 years) of data, leading to a `too many partitions` error in the package's incremental models. To limit the ticket field history to the most recent X years, add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file:

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

...
config-version: 2

vars:
  zendesk:
    ticket_field_history_timeframe_years: integer_number_of_years # default = 50 (everything)
```

### Changing the Build Schema

> By default this package will build the Zendesk staging models within a schema titled (<target_schema> + `_zendesk_staging`), the Zendesk intermediate models within a schema titled (<target_schema> + `_zendesk_intermediate`), and the Zendesk final models within a schema titled (<target_schema> + `_zendesk`) in your target database. If this is not where you would like your modeled Zendesk data to be written to, add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file:

Reviewer: We should update this to reflect the updates from the source package. In particular we should adjust `_zendesk_staging` to instead be `_zendesk_source`.

Author: updated

```yml
vars:
    zendesk_<default_source_table_name>_identifier: your_table_name 
```
</details>

## (Optional) Step 6: Orchestrate your models with Fivetran Transformations for dbt Core™
<details><summary>Expand for details</summary>
<br>
    
Fivetran offers the ability for you to orchestrate your dbt project through [Fivetran Transformations for dbt Core™](https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/dbt). Learn how to set up your project for orchestration through Fivetran in our [Transformations for dbt Core setup guides](https://fivetran.com/docs/transformations/dbt#setupguide).
</details>

# 🔍 Does this package have dependencies?
This dbt package is dependent on the following dbt packages. Please be aware that these dependencies are installed by default within this package. For more information on the following packages, refer to the [dbt hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) site.
> IMPORTANT: If you have any of these dependent packages in your own `packages.yml` file, we highly recommend that you remove them from your root `packages.yml` to avoid package version conflicts.
    
```yml

> packages:

Reviewer: We should also add spark utils here now.

Author: added here and to the source README
